Now we're going to work on the logic, but we're going to start small.
So we're going to start with this split, these two buttons here we have minus and plus.
OK, so it is simple.
We want to make sure that when we click minus in this case to subtract, we want to subtract a number
and if we go upwards.
Plus, we're going to add more people.
In this case, where he was saying that we want to split three ways four ways five, six, seven, 10,
10 ways and so forth.
OK, let's look at that logic.
And all of that is found inside of a round button.
So if I go back to our bill form, we'll see that we have input there and we have a row.
And let's start with our first button here, which is the minus button.
So all of that is going to happen inside of our own click.
So what is it that we want to happen?
Remember that in this case here, we need to always think of this state.
We want to keep this state or the counter in this case of the people or the amount or we are going to
split by.
So what do we need to do again?
You may have guessed, wouldn't create yet another state at the top here.
And this is going to be what I call the let's say Val say, split by.
State, OK and say, remember?
State of it's going to an integer just pass this pass one hour on click run button here, what is that?
We want to happen.
So we want to say split by the value, the state, that value in this case, we want to set it to a
certain value.
But when you think about this first, what do we want to happen?
Is that this value here when we click, let's say, if we have, first of all, it always should have
one.
That's important because we don't want to split by zero.
We need to put some sort of a range to say, OK, if we get to one as they click miners, we need to
stop at one.
So here I'm going to put an if statement.
Let's put it in the near line with say if, if split by state that value current one that we may have
is greater than one.
Then in that case, then split by value.
I'm just going to say minus one, so I'm going to subtract.
Might be that would work else, I'm just going to say it's played by, it's going to be equal to one.
So we're saying here the value of our split by state is going to be equal depending on whether to value,
current value is greater than one.
If it is greater than one, then yes, we're going to subtract minus one, because that means we haven't
hit zero yet.
Else, if it is indeed less than one right, then which is going to say this is going to be one, that's
what we're going to pass inside here because this is just a dummy data, we added here.
So I'm going to say split by that value as such.
Let's see if this works.
We'll go ahead and run.
OK, so now we see one here.
The reason being is because we said the first state of the first value, the default values are going
to be one less actually changes to zero, which are very good.
That means then if I try to go minus not, it's not going to happen if I change this just for testing
purposes.
If I say, for instance, three.
Let's run again.
Because of what we've just done here, the safe statement and checking the values, you will see that
we are going to be able to subtract the value.
So now is this three, if I go down right, there we go, but if I get one, try to keep going, it's
not going to accept that value.
Very good.
That's exactly what we want.
Let's go back and put one here.
Here, there's really not much work to do.
But just for fun.
What we can do, we can put a cap, right?
Let's say we want to make sure that they split by state that value.
In this case, we'll check to see if it's less than a certain range.
So I can use Cartland to calculate a range or to give us a range.
Let's create here and say Val range, be equal to it.
Range like this, and they can pass here, start, it's going to be one and and inclusive, let's say,
100 just to be dramatic.
OK, so now we can use that range to compare if split buying value is less than.
And then I'm going to say split value or split by value, then I'm going to be able to say split by
value again.
Plus, one makes sense because we're within the range.
So let's say value like this to get the actual value.
OK, let's go ahead and run.
OK, let's see.
And it's working for go.
Lower, we can see works stops at one end, very good.
So our split buttons here are indeed working.